Yeonho was a ten-year friend I had spent my elementary, middle, and high school years with.

Living close to each other, we played together all the time, sharing every possible experience like true childhood friends.

I can’t quite remember when I started to like Yeonho.

Maybe it was when I noticed that the baby fat in Yeonho’s cheeks had disappeared, and he surpassed me in height.

But then again, considering how I lamented about being shorter than him, I must have liked him even before that.

I just couldn't express it.

After being friends for so long, I didn’t know how to step beyond that.

Then, in my first year of high school, out of the blue, Yeonho suddenly said to me,

“Hey, Masoyeon! I got street casted? Isn’t that awesome? NS Entertainment wants me to try being an idol!”

He claimed that he received a casting offer from the famous agency NS, which I recognized right away.

Of course, I thought he was definitely being scammed at first.

“If you’re an idol, then I’m a Kamen Rider. Where are you even selling drugs?”

“Are you jealous because I might get famous?”

“You had no interest in the entertainment industry; what do you know about being an idol? You have nothing to flaunt except your looks!”

“Oh? Masoyeon, you think I’m pretty too, right? You little cutie!”

Even without being blinded by love, Yeonho often received compliments about his looks.

With thick eyebrows and sharp, fierce eyes, his small face began to shine more as he became a high school student.

Definitely, the kid who used to play around with chubby cheeks.

As soon as he entered middle school, he grew 10 cm a year, reaching 170 cm before I did.

His face became more refined, and his proportions transformed like a statue made by Western artists.

“Look over there, the NS representative is here!”

“Did they come all the way to school just to cast him?!”

“The casting class for Kang Ho-yeon is insane!”

But then, the CEO of the agency came directly to our school to take Yeonho with him.

It was undeniably real.

“Did you see that, Masoyeon? The aura of this lady?”

“No, is this really happening…”

The CEO repeatedly came to ask if Yeonho could audition.

Watching the scene unfold, I felt increasingly distanced from Yeonho.

[March 31, 201x, Tuesday]

[Me]

[Are you going to audition?]

[Yeonho]

[I don’t know?]

[If it feels right, I’ll challenge it.]

.

.

[What? Are you really worried I might become an idol?]

[Me]

[Do you think the entertainment industry is a joke?]

[Yeonho]

[Lol]

[Are there any girl groups you want to get autographs from? Mayday? Or, God Pink?]

[Me]

[God Pink isn’t under NS.]

[What are you going to do if you don’t even know that?]

[Yeonho]

[Oh, really? Lol]

[Anyway, just tell me! I’ll make sure to bring them all when I go for the audition!]

[Me]

[Autographs are fine.]

[...Come out to the convenience store in front of your house for a second.]

It felt like if I stayed still, Yeonho would really leave for a place he would never return from.

If by any chance he passed the audition and went to the entertainment industry, the chance for me to confess would disappear.

If I was going to say it, it had to be now.

------------------------------

[April 1, 201x, Wednesday]

[Me]

[I have something to say.]

That day was ironically April Fool's Day.

Everything felt like a lie.

That Yeonho was cast by a big agency.

That it took me ten years to muster the courage to confess.

.

.

.

[Seoul Nowon-gu, a 10th-grade male student, Mamogun, fell into a truck while trying to save a friend from the same school and fell into a coma…]

.

.

.

“What the hell, damn it★”

“Finally, you have opened your eyes, girl. You have come here as the chosen one by the guardian dragon, Leviathus, to fulfill the mission of defeating the Demon King.”

“….”

Being forcibly thrown into another world.

**

Having possessed the white lizard called the guardian dragon, I was compelled to team up with this guy named Ishiwoo, who possessed the hero FranDal, to defeat the Demon King.

Though it was frustrating to be dragged into a fight without warning, if I hadn’t been pulled here, I would have surely died, so I endured it while living as FlanMay, focusing solely on defeating the Demon King.

I believed that once the demon’s threat was eliminated and the kingdom returned to peace, the saintess would send me back to my original world.

When about three years had passed, Ishiwoo successfully sealed the Demon King’s heart with the holy sword, and peace was restored to the kingdom.

The kingdom treated us like heroes, saying to live comfortably in their world, but,

I had no interest in this world at all, so I asked them to open a gate.

However, my party member Ishiwoo had been trying to persuade me to think about living in this world together for a while.

That made sense because FlanMay was said to be as beautiful as Princess Ibera, the most beautiful girl in the kingdom. I understood that someone would be drawn to her for her looks.

But I clearly stated from the first day,

“I’m a guy★”

“That’s okay, FlanMay. That’s just in the past.”

“It’s not okay, you idiot★”

I had made it clear from the start, yet that guy didn’t listen.

I remember everything about the time he tried to force himself on me during our three years together.

When he suddenly held my hand despite giving up on his marriage proposal with the princess, I genuinely thought he was insane.

Of course, it was all nonsense, and he promptly threatened the saintess to open the gate.

I checked in advance whether I would remain in my current body when I returned to my original world.

After hearing the saintess say that only pure mana souls could pass through the gate and that my body wouldn’t be fixed in its current state, I felt relieved and was able to return to my original world.

“I felt dirty being with you, and let’s never see each other again★”

I slapped Ishiwoo’s hand and threw myself into the gate.

**

When I first opened my eyes, I saw a ceiling that felt more vintage than I expected.

Having just been in a car accident, I thought I would wake up in a hospital, so I was surprised to see a plasterboard ceiling with a worm pattern instead.

“Patient, do you know how many fingers this is?”

“2…”

As soon as I opened my eyes, the attending physician rushed over to check my condition.

“Masoyeon!”

“Masoyeon! Are you awake?”

Next came my parents and friends.

Fortunately, since they were calling my name just as it was, it seemed I hadn’t unexpectedly possessed someone else’s body.

“It’s a miracle to wake up like this after being in a coma for three years without any warning.”

The three years I had spent in another world had passed just the same in reality.

It seemed I had only left my soul behind for those three years.

“Can you move your hands, patient?”

“Ugh… yes.”

Although I hadn’t eaten much while lying down, my arms were thin, but I still felt the sensations.

“I’m back, damn it…”

Hearing my voice after three years.

There was no longer any feeling of stars floating at the end of my words against my will.

I had truly returned to my own body.

**

I was happy to see my parents and friends after a long time, but,

There was still one person I hadn’t met.

The face of that child, which had flickered in my mind until I crossed the gate, was still unseen.

“Masoyeon-!!!”

Then, at dawn, when all the hospital rooms except for the nurses on duty were dark, a woman burst into my hospital room with a loud voice.

With heavy makeup and styled hair, wearing a thick black long padding to hide her revealing outfit, she opened the room door gasping for breath.

I remembered this woman’s voice.

“Hey, you bad brat! How could you finally wake up now? Do you know how worried I was?”

The woman introduced herself as an older sister,

But I didn’t have an older sister.

However, there was a girl who referred to herself as one.

Her face was drenched in tears.

All the carefully applied makeup was streaming down her face due to her tears.

Yet, despite that, she looked prettier than most women I had seen in the other world.

“Are you okay? Do you recognize who I am?”

Yet, even though her original features were flowing with tears, she didn’t look ugly.

No, in fact, she looked even prettier. It was inevitable. I had longed to see this face.

“Yeonho….”

“Yes, it’s Kang Yeonho, Kang Yeonho! Your friend for ten years… no, for thirteen years!”

Others looked the same as they did three years ago, but,

Yeonho was strikingly different from how I remembered him. And I mean that in a good way.

Yeonho had become much prettier than the last time I saw him three years ago.

“What? Why did you grow so much….”

Yeonho had matured into an even more sophisticated adult.

Now, as a proper twenty-year-old lady, it was only natural.

“Do you have any idea how hard I ran to see you wake up? I ran for three years, so of course, I’d grow taller!”

“Really...? Then it’s because of me that you grew. You owe me a wish later, okay?”

“Talking nonsense right after waking up… Okay! I’ll grant any wish, so hurry up and recover properly!”

Yeonho wiped away the tears with the tissues beside the bed as he replied.

As the thick makeup started to fade, the familiar face I remembered began to gradually reappear.

“Is it true? You’ll grant any wish?”

“Yeah… I’ll grant any wish, so just recover quickly enough to walk—”

“Then marry me.”

Yeonho’s movements of wiping away tears froze as if enchanted by ice magic.

As I grabbed Yeonho’s hand, I felt him finally react, as if melting away.

Can I still use that lizard’s fire magic?

“What did you just say….”

“Marry me.”

It didn’t matter if they thought I was crazy.

I had to say it no matter what.

I had returned to say that.

“I, Kang Yeonho, like you."

When we love someone, the reasons for wanting to share a future with them boil down to two main things.

The first is when we believe being with that person will make us happy.

And the second is when we believe that being with that person will truly make them happy.